- to do or consider
x won't do it
? maybe done
@ done

    [ from Sarah ]
? definitely harder at the beginning than at the end
@ cultists come back after big story fight, seems weird
@ need a real installer
@ i was going to say Improvement: make the mayor's bed interactable so i can lay in it and she gets mad and tells me it's weird
x also why is there a bed in the mayor's office

    [ from Kyle ]
? also: consider a musical/sound cue for the torches and switches so that colorblind people can finish the game
@ "Save over this slot" dialogue appears for new save games
@ if you start a battle by activating the monster, the guard mutex isn't captured, so wander guards will still attack, and the battles will "stack"
@ You can slam the spacebar during the "You Died" screen and it makes menu noises.
@ the credits stutter. The scrolling effect should move them one pixel at a time, preferably. [[ this is tough. it's hard to make something that scrolls smoothly that isn't an integer number of pixels every frame, which is way too fast. I've set it to scroll 0.16 pixels per frame, which is roughly what it was before (dt * 10) but should be a bit more stable ]]
@ The debug map should default to "What, no" instead of yes, because I just mash the space bar al   l       t     he             ti  me
x The animation for moving vertically or horizontally is smooth, but the animation for moving diagonally is not. It seems to be rendering individual frames for the horizontal and vertical components, processing them independently rather than as a single input!
x I missed eleventy times in a row so I died to the leader. going back for the arming sword made a ton of difference, so I wonder if it would be too much trouble for him to make fun of you for fighting with a stick, to cue the player to go buy an actual weapon.
x the wooden crates looked kinda like stairs the first time I saw them
x at the end, when the hero realizes they don't need to live up to anyone's expectations but their own. you should have them decide to rename themselves. and end the game with a "name your character" prompt
x the pot friend does not defend his friend pots, and that makes me sad
x I went back to taunt the pot friend. Feature Request: Pot Weapon miniboss.
x I see why there's no Inn now--there's a healing well! I wonder if the townspeople are as tired as the futurefolk from Chrono Trigger are hungry.
x You can't kill the tonic thief. I wanna kill the tonic thief, then drop him in the healing well so I can kill him again.

    [ from me ]
@ stairs were teleporting back and forth for west tower?
@ make skeletons tougher
@ make slimes tougher
@ cut back critical rate
@ cut back item drop rate
@ cut back total amount of money
@ monsters can notice you and attack while you have the menu open
@ chest on middle platforms in forest is still empty
@ reduce XP for cult leader, make him tougher
@ reduce XP for lich (?)
@ activating an open lever-door still says you can't figure out how to open it

---- 0.9.1/0.9.2 ----

    [from Eliot]
@ minimize when alt-tabbing out when in full screen
@ hide the mouse on input (or just... always)
@ drop shadow kind of makes the text hard to read (he was kind of on the fence about that one)

    [from Tim]
- Enemy difficulty tends to spike strongly and in ways that are difficult to deal with. You get through the cultists and then the wood creatures murder you. You get through the skeletons and then the skeleton warriors murder you. But the rewards for fighting significantly more dangerous enemies are not equivalent to the increased threat - kobald warriors and skeleton warriors specifically, but also the wood dudes.
- Does the game stop you from using healing items at full health? If not, it probably should.
- Combat is really, really random. With around 400 maxhp, sometimes killing a bat in the forest would leave me with 320, sometimes it would leave me with 100 (starting from full.) Combined with the fact that Flee is pretty unreliable, this means that going into fights damaged is playing a press-your-luck game. Which, unfortunately, the long slow slogs back to wells encourage you to do.
- It feels really, really bad to finally save up enough money to buy something, and then find it in a chest a couple of minutes later. This happened to me with an item in the forest (the shield, maybe?) and the arming sword.
- Items and experience levels are huge power spikes, especially early on. This is mostly kind of okay, but it's a little annoying to get to a new area and discover you can only kill one enemy before having to run back to a well to heal.
- You generally take more damage in fights than you earn in money to buy tonics to heal out of fights. So running back to wells a lot is mandatory unless you are willing to lose money healing. Which is generally a bad idea I think?
? torches flickered by too fast to catch the colour sequence
? WALKSPEED TOO LOW [[ I've bumped this up from 64p/s to 80 p/s; not sure it would feel good any faster ]]
@ What the heck are scrolls even for? I used them, and they tended to do about the same damage as an attack, a little more if you used the right one on the right enemy maybe. Given how expensive they are, there's a strong disincentive toward figuring out how to use them.
x Bosses are basically just "did you bring enough of the best healing items available Y/N?" This is probably by design.
